***ATF5
Critically involved, often in a cell type-dependent manner, in cell survival, proliferation, and differentiation
 Important regulator of the cerebral cortex formation, functions in cerebral cortical neuroprogenitor cells to maintain proliferation and to block differentiation into neurons. Must be down-regulated in order for such cells to exit the cycle and differentiate (By similarity). Participates in the pathways by which SHH promotes cerebellar granule neuron progenitor cells proliferation (By similarity). Critical for survival of mature olfactory sensory neurons (OSN), directs expression of OSN-specific genes (By similarity).

p.789: The transcription factor ATF5 promotes proliferation of cerebral cortical neuroprogenitor cells and its down regulation permits their differentiation. -- Highlighted Oct 7, 2016
expressed in cerebellar granule neuron progeni- tor cells (CGNPs) but is undetectable in postmitotic cerebellar granule neurons (GCNs). 

there is a reciprocal interaction between ATF5 and sonic hedgehog (Shh) in which Shh stimulates ATF5 expressin and ATF5 contributes to Shh-stimulated CGNP expansion
ATF5 has been recently implicated as a protein that plays an important role in influencing the transition between neuroprogenitor cells and differentiated neurons and glia in the cerebral cortex (reviewed in Greene et al. 2009). 
ATF5 protein is highly expressed in neuroprgenitors in the embryonic and perinatal rodetn cerebral cortex. Constitutive expression of exogenous ATF5 in cerebral cotrical neuroprogenitor cells in vitro and in vivo blocks
their differentiation and exit from the cell cycle. Conversely, inhibition of ATF5 accelerates cerebral cortical neuroprogenitor cell cycle exit and their differentiation into neurons and glia. 

GCN is the most abundant neuron type found in the cerebellum

ATF5 is epxressed in proliferating cerebellar precursor cells during embryonic cerebellum development

ATF5 appears to be necessary and sufficient for cerebral neuroprogenitor proliferation whereas in the CGNPs it does not appear to be sufficient to promote cell division and
contributes to this only in presence of Shh.

***WNT signaling components
WISP2
DKK1
LGR4
SFRP1
SFRP2

***developmental proteins
EDIL3
COL13A1
COL15A1
DKK1
HOXC6
HOXC8
SNAI1
ID1

***CRLF1
Cytokine receptor subunit, possibly playing a regulatory role in the immune system and during fetal development. May be involved in nervous system development

**HOX genes
HOXC6
HOXC8

**GDF5
regulates the development of numerous tissue and cell types, including cartilage, joints, brown fat, teeth, and the growth of neuronal axons and dendrites

***GFRA1
encodes a member of the glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor receptor (GDNFR) family of proteins. Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) and neurturin (NTN) are two structurally related, potent neurotrophic factors that play key roles in the control of neuron survival and differentiation. 

***ID1
Transcription factor implicated in regulating a variety of cellular processes, including cellular growth, senescence, differentiation, apoptosis, angiogenesis, and neoplastic transformation
